hi everyone Lucy here again and today
we're going to talk more about the TOEFL
speaking test and in this video we're
going to focus specifically on task 6
which is the integrated summarized
lecture task so first we're going to
describe the task then we're going to
have time for preparation and
presentation and then I'm going to give
my own sample response so the purpose of
this lesson is to understand exactly how
to answer TOEFL speaking tasks six
summarized lecture ok so what exactly is
involved in speaking test six well you
need to first listen to a lecture then
you need to summarize the main ideas
pretty straightforward now how much time
do you have you have 30 seconds to
prepare and then you have 60 seconds to
speak now remember as always you should
take that time during preparation to
make some notes use your scratch paper
and pen wisely and then during the
presentation time make sure you use the
full time don't stop too early ok so
remember the first part here is we're
going to listen to a lecture ok now
remember that as you listen to the
lecture you should take notes okay are
you ready here's the lecture extinction
in biology the dying out or termination
of a species extinction occurs when
species are diminished because of
environmental forces habitat
fragmentation global change over
expectation of species for human use or
because of evolutionary changes in their
members genetic inbreeding poor
reproduction decline in population
numbers firstly many species have become
extinct because of hunting and /
harvesting the conversion of wetlands
and Forests to crop lands and urban
areas pollution the introduction of
invasive species and other forms of
human caused destruction of their
natural environments indeed current
rates of human induced extinctions are
estimated to be about 1,000 times
greater than the past natural rates of
extinction leading some scientists to
call modern times the sixth mass
extinction
this high extinction rate is largely due
to the exponential growth in human
numbers from about 1 billion in 1850 the
world's population reached 2 billion in
1930 and more than 6 billion in 2000 and
is expected to reach about 10 billion by
2050 additionally as a result of
increasing human populations habitat
loss is the greatest factor in current
levels of extinction for example less
than one-sixth of the land area of
Europe has remained unmodified by human
activity and more than half of all
wildlife habitat has been eliminated in
more than four-fifths of countries in
the paleo tropics Africa Asia and
Indonesia furthermore increased levels
of greenhouse gases have begun to alter
the world's climate with slowly
increasing surface temperatures expected
by the middle of the 21st century
- forced many species to migrate towards
the poles and up mountain slopes in
order to remain in habitats with the
same climate conditions most ecologists
conversation biologists and climate
scientists worry that global warming
will contribute greatly to species
extinctions all these factors have
increased the number of threatened
species almost one in four mammal
species including four of the six
remaining species of great apes and one
in eight bird species were considered at
significant risk of extinction at the
start of the 21st century in addition
the World Wildlife Fund noted in a 2016
report that the vertebrate population
overall declined by 58% between 1970 and
2010 okay once you've listened to the
lecture and now it's time to prepare
remember you're going to have 30 seconds
to prepare and make those notes alright
your preparation time starts now
okay so do you feel ready now it's time
for presentation remember you're going
to have 60 seconds and don't stop before
the 60 seconds is up okay
are you ready here you go
okay great so now it's time for me to
give my own sample response okay are we
ready I hope I am so the lecture talks
about species extinction its causes and
its effects extinction is defined as the
termination of a species and it happens
when the numbers of a species decline
this could be due to environmental
factors like global warming or
environmental changes so the major
causes are human related such as hunting
or deforestation humans have caused
extinction events to rise at a rate
thousands of times higher than in the
past
causing the sixth mass extinction
increased human population has also
contributed to loss of habitat which is
the largest cause of animal extinction
only one-sixth of European land has been
untouched by humans another cause is
greenhouse gases their emissions have
increased causing a negative impact on
the climate so many experts are worried
that global warming will be a large
contributing factor to species
extinctions okay great how did I do I
hope that this video is helpful to you
and I hope this sample response is
helpful too thank you again for watching
remember that if you have any questions
check out our website at eetu language
comm thanks again for tuning in and hope
to see you next time bye